web/miscellany/poems.markdown, before:

---
title: Poems I Wrote
date: 2014-11-11
---

<a name='poem'> </a>

[From the light of Polaris](#poem)
==================================

No new morrow would see me abandon your streets  
For I have lived there longer than I have lived.  
There may be no road ahead, only the endless sea  
With a lonesome traveler laying desirous stares  
On the setting Sun, as if it would rise in her world  
To have his message be reached, and felt.  
It may make no sense to the keepers of wisdom  
But I've never declared my being as wise  
For it has always been the foolish things  
That turned passing time to memories  
And the feet of the wise is shaky and meek  
When they say it's faith, and wisdom fleets.  

No fears dwell these valleys I walk.  
Fearful are those with walls raised,  
Of wanting, or of loss;  
I have treasures that no one can steal  
And I hope you still believe in them.  

This may never become a poem  
But then neither those that I have ever written are.  
Unlike those ramblings from all corners of my heart,  
Each word here holds a meaning, I assure  
For it's hard to say what I mean  
When it's not what you want.  

I remember more than I thought I would  
Of the time we lived and the worlds we crafted.  
The last page of an old notebook still holds a little petal  
Dearer to me than all roses I have ever seen.  
I remember your eyes, when we met after days a few  
And how they were filled with an emotion I don't have a word for;  
The corners of my wandering mind still meet the traveler once I was  
Sometimes the walls bring smiles, sometimes a few regrets you know.  

Smile, at least for once for all this world of words  
Stays in the realm of worthlessness  
Unless you let your lips curl as your mind reads  
And your eyes speak as if a young lover kissed them;  
Shyly blinking with a shimmer of heavens  
That's all I am wishing for. That's all this is for.  
                                                    --__Genie__

<a name='poem1'> </a>

[A Constellation of Thoughts](#poem1)
=================================================

Looking at the starry sky tonight, I wonder  
How many worlds unknown to me, blossom and die.  
The silence, accompanied by the whisper of drunken winds  
Engulfs me with the same emotion I had in a crowded place  
Where my worlds weren't the twinkling spots on the blue muslin  
But faces in a hurry, faces painted with worries.  
Someone was on a run, someone else had the headphones on.  
One lost in glitter of passing days, the other in music  
That only lends one the numbness of thoughts.  
Someone smiled, secretly with a machine he owned,  
Someone else I saw was too young to understand  
But it seemed as if he was a lot wiser than me  
Unknown to things he can't change, worlds he can't gauge.  

With all this complexity, unfathomable whose depth,  
Of the lives that live within me, of the ones with me,  
It's a strange force that leads us through our days.  
An eagle's eye might see the chaos of my world  
But my world isn't his. His worlds will never be mine.  
It's only in vague terms one can say  
About things that one finds hard to explain.  
Maybe it's the short length of my voyage so far  
Or maybe it is the bodily boundaries of the cage I wear.  
Or maybe I am left to adore in awe the creations of the Master  
Until the call that puts it to an end.  



<a name='poem2'> </a>

[An Evening](#poem2)
===============================

If you let me, I will be the wind to caress your face  
When the morning light shines with your hair.  
I will be the loving wetness on your cheeks  
Subliming and dissolving at the same time.  
I will be the silence that soothes your forehead  
With every line struggling to leave a mark;  
I will be the boredom of your days  
And the chaos of your celebrations.  
I will write my heart out on every stone you step upon  
And still be left with a million words to say.  
I will be the one you will want on every knock on the door  
And the smile that adores your face when it's known.  
  
  


<a name='poem3'> </a>

[Yet Another Rambling Poem ](#poem3)
====================================

Another day sinks and disappears,  
The slate gets a few more strokes.  
I think and wonder, an unending craving,  
Looking at the far-away mountains,  
Draped in snowy mist at a tempting distance--  
_Where would my heart find a better home?_  

Like a childish belief in talks to a God,  
The presence of a bigger truth turns a myth everyday.  
Maybe there is no God in the bigger things,  
No wonders that only an eagle's eye would see.  
Maybe life is lived in little pieces only  
Of bursts of laughter or pangs of pain,  
Of silence-filled walks or smile-worn days.  
Maybe that's all there is to it.  
And maybe everything else just sets the backdrop  
Or I would wake up and smile one day  
Reading this page. Remembering this day.  


<a name='poem4'> </a>

[Yet Yet Another Little Rambling Poem](#poem4)
=======================================

Sails of my little boat flapping to the tunes of traveling winds,  
As I leave the realm of the known to walk with shaky feet again,  
Play a symphony that only aches my heart even more.  
I see in the distance, faces new. In the distance, faces old.  
There is heaviness in my heart for sure.  
And the chills can still reach my bones, silent and cold.  
But I walk this wire. I will be someone else again.  
Like all stories, written on oceanic tides,  
Mine would become a part of the shore, placid and earthed. [Sedimentary Rock :-D]  



<a name='poem5'> </a>

[A Lovely Day](#poem5)
======================

A clearer sky emblazoned with such beautifying cloudiness  
Roofs restlessness and more than a few endless chases.  
Within life's confused web, a resting plateau;  
Only plateaus, no peaks, I have learned.  
Another day would etch wrinkles on the face of time,  
Caresses on a wrinkled face, with wrinkled hands,  
My mind's box has it's own definition of beauty, it seems.  
I wonder and smile, I look look outside, close my eyes.  
The air is fresher, silence pleasant for a change.  
Today seems like one of those lovely days.


<a name='poem6'> </a>

[Just Another Aimless Poem](#poem6)
===================================

If I had wings, or the magic of a sorcerer's wand,  
Or the swiftness of my wandering thoughts,   
Or the strength of the never tiring winds,  
I would be there before you fall asleep tonight  
And let you know how in my mind, I caress your cheeks  
And what the word and signs, they all mean.  


What I feel isn't the shallow whim of a wandering mind  
Which on time's call would fall into pieces  
But the steady calmness of a mind in rest  
Amid the million chases of these worldly worries.  
You are my resting stone, the silence and the song.  
But my love I am human, weak and strong, so are you.  
I need you close and I need your hands  
To hold me, to touch, to feel and see.  
How your eyes twinkle when they meet mine,  
Or how your lips taste in these chilly winters   
Or how your brows curl in a smile  
On the little foolishness your sweetest slave plays.  
But I don't want them now, and now  
Neither in the 'near' future if it means  
Saying no to my love for distance's sake  
When it can be, when it can be...  
Truer a little farther in time.  


So, my love I love, these gaps of silence and sleep  
Of the dormant and the dancing wishes of time  
Waiting to feel your lips on mine  
And my hands playing with those twines of hair.  
I will be there. Or I will take you here.  
Or we will have a world of a different attire  
Until my love, you say it's best  
And finally, you lay beside me under the covers  
And these blankets forget the smell of loneliness.  




<hr>
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script type="text/javascript">
   var disqus_shortname = 'vicarie'; 
   (function() {
      var dsq = document.createElement('script'); dsq.type = 'text/javascript'; dsq.async = true;
      dsq.src = '//' + disqus_shortname + '.disqus.com/embed.js';
      (document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0] || document.getElementsByTagName('body')[0]).appendChild(dsq);
   })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>

Commit message:

Add link to the blogger blog.

web/miscellany/poems.markdown, after:

---
title: Poems I Wrote
date: 2014-11-11
---

Some poems that I have written are here: [blogger.vicarie.in](http://blogger.vicarie.in).

<a name='poem'> </a>

[From the light of Polaris](#poem)
==================================

No new morrow would see me abandon your streets  
For I have lived there longer than I have lived.  
There may be no road ahead, only the endless sea  
With a lonesome traveler laying desirous stares  
On the setting Sun, as if it would rise in her world  
To have his message be reached, and felt.  
It may make no sense to the keepers of wisdom  
But I've never declared my being as wise  
For it has always been the foolish things  
That turned passing time to memories  
And the feet of the wise is shaky and meek  
When they say it's faith, and wisdom fleets.  

No fears dwell these valleys I walk.  
Fearful are those with walls raised,  
Of wanting, or of loss;  
I have treasures that no one can steal  
And I hope you still believe in them.  

This may never become a poem  
But then neither those that I have ever written are.  
Unlike those ramblings from all corners of my heart,  
Each word here holds a meaning, I assure  
For it's hard to say what I mean  
When it's not what you want.  

I remember more than I thought I would  
Of the time we lived and the worlds we crafted.  
The last page of an old notebook still holds a little petal  
Dearer to me than all roses I have ever seen.  
I remember your eyes, when we met after days a few  
And how they were filled with an emotion I don't have a word for;  
The corners of my wandering mind still meet the traveler once I was  
Sometimes the walls bring smiles, sometimes a few regrets you know.  

Smile, at least for once for all this world of words  
Stays in the realm of worthlessness  
Unless you let your lips curl as your mind reads  
And your eyes speak as if a young lover kissed them;  
Shyly blinking with a shimmer of heavens  
That's all I am wishing for. That's all this is for.  
                                                    --__Genie__

<a name='poem1'> </a>

[A Constellation of Thoughts](#poem1)
=================================================

Looking at the starry sky tonight, I wonder  
How many worlds unknown to me, blossom and die.  
The silence, accompanied by the whisper of drunken winds  
Engulfs me with the same emotion I had in a crowded place  
Where my worlds weren't the twinkling spots on the blue muslin  
But faces in a hurry, faces painted with worries.  
Someone was on a run, someone else had the headphones on.  
One lost in glitter of passing days, the other in music  
That only lends one the numbness of thoughts.  
Someone smiled, secretly with a machine he owned,  
Someone else I saw was too young to understand  
But it seemed as if he was a lot wiser than me  
Unknown to things he can't change, worlds he can't gauge.  

With all this complexity, unfathomable whose depth,  
Of the lives that live within me, of the ones with me,  
It's a strange force that leads us through our days.  
An eagle's eye might see the chaos of my world  
But my world isn't his. His worlds will never be mine.  
It's only in vague terms one can say  
About things that one finds hard to explain.  
Maybe it's the short length of my voyage so far  
Or maybe it is the bodily boundaries of the cage I wear.  
Or maybe I am left to adore in awe the creations of the Master  
Until the call that puts it to an end.  



<a name='poem2'> </a>

[An Evening](#poem2)
===============================

If you let me, I will be the wind to caress your face  
When the morning light shines with your hair.  
I will be the loving wetness on your cheeks  
Subliming and dissolving at the same time.  
I will be the silence that soothes your forehead  
With every line struggling to leave a mark;  
I will be the boredom of your days  
And the chaos of your celebrations.  
I will write my heart out on every stone you step upon  
And still be left with a million words to say.  
I will be the one you will want on every knock on the door  
And the smile that adores your face when it's known.  
  
  


<a name='poem3'> </a>

[Yet Another Rambling Poem ](#poem3)
====================================

Another day sinks and disappears,  
The slate gets a few more strokes.  
I think and wonder, an unending craving,  
Looking at the far-away mountains,  
Draped in snowy mist at a tempting distance--  
_Where would my heart find a better home?_  

Like a childish belief in talks to a God,  
The presence of a bigger truth turns a myth everyday.  
Maybe there is no God in the bigger things,  
No wonders that only an eagle's eye would see.  
Maybe life is lived in little pieces only  
Of bursts of laughter or pangs of pain,  
Of silence-filled walks or smile-worn days.  
Maybe that's all there is to it.  
And maybe everything else just sets the backdrop  
Or I would wake up and smile one day  
Reading this page. Remembering this day.  


<a name='poem4'> </a>

[Yet Yet Another Little Rambling Poem](#poem4)
=======================================

Sails of my little boat flapping to the tunes of traveling winds,  
As I leave the realm of the known to walk with shaky feet again,  
Play a symphony that only aches my heart even more.  
I see in the distance, faces new. In the distance, faces old.  
There is heaviness in my heart for sure.  
And the chills can still reach my bones, silent and cold.  
But I walk this wire. I will be someone else again.  
Like all stories, written on oceanic tides,  
Mine would become a part of the shore, placid and earthed. [Sedimentary Rock :-D]  



<a name='poem5'> </a>

[A Lovely Day](#poem5)
======================

A clearer sky emblazoned with such beautifying cloudiness  
Roofs restlessness and more than a few endless chases.  
Within life's confused web, a resting plateau;  
Only plateaus, no peaks, I have learned.  
Another day would etch wrinkles on the face of time,  
Caresses on a wrinkled face, with wrinkled hands,  
My mind's box has it's own definition of beauty, it seems.  
I wonder and smile, I look look outside, close my eyes.  
The air is fresher, silence pleasant for a change.  
Today seems like one of those lovely days.


<a name='poem6'> </a>

[Just Another Aimless Poem](#poem6)
===================================

If I had wings, or the magic of a sorcerer's wand,  
Or the swiftness of my wandering thoughts,   
Or the strength of the never tiring winds,  
I would be there before you fall asleep tonight  
And let you know how in my mind, I caress your cheeks  
And what the word and signs, they all mean.  


What I feel isn't the shallow whim of a wandering mind  
Which on time's call would fall into pieces  
But the steady calmness of a mind in rest  
Amid the million chases of these worldly worries.  
You are my resting stone, the silence and the song.  
But my love I am human, weak and strong, so are you.  
I need you close and I need your hands  
To hold me, to touch, to feel and see.  
How your eyes twinkle when they meet mine,  
Or how your lips taste in these chilly winters   
Or how your brows curl in a smile  
On the little foolishness your sweetest slave plays.  
But I don't want them now, and now  
Neither in the 'near' future if it means  
Saying no to my love for distance's sake  
When it can be, when it can be...  
Truer a little farther in time.  


So, my love I love, these gaps of silence and sleep  
Of the dormant and the dancing wishes of time  
Waiting to feel your lips on mine  
And my hands playing with those twines of hair.  
I will be there. Or I will take you here.  
Or we will have a world of a different attire  
Until my love, you say it's best  
And finally, you lay beside me under the covers  
And these blankets forget the smell of loneliness.  




<hr>
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script type="text/javascript">
   var disqus_shortname = 'vicarie'; 
   (function() {
      var dsq = document.createElement('script'); dsq.type = 'text/javascript'; dsq.async = true;
      dsq.src = '//' + disqus_shortname + '.disqus.com/embed.js';
      (document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0] || document.getElementsByTagName('body')[0]).appendChild(dsq);
   })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
